Privacy Policy

The Privacy Policy was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.

The Summary

The development team (hereinafter referred to as "we”, "our","us") puts high value on your personal information,and we will refer to our users as "you" in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, disclosing, maintaining and protecting your personal information on the media platforms we operate, including the app on the iOS or Android platforms (the "App"), our Website, or any other platform on which you see this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use"), which governs your use of our Services.

Please read this privacy policy carefully because it will tell you exactly how your personal data is being looked after by us and that's a pretty important thing for you to know. By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued access and/or use of our Services after any such revisions indicates that you accept and consent to them. Please check periodically for updates.

1. What Information We May Collect

We don't intentionally collect any sensitive personal information or data from users. But for better customer service and user experience, we may collect such information:

a. Data about your device, such as device brand, model, operating system, browser type, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, language.

b. Data about service progress, such as your settings about service.

c. Data that collected by advertising platform automatically. These data including your country, IP, language, device types and some relevant information about advertising. You can find their privacy policies on their official websites, such as
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy and https:/www.applovin.com/privacy/.

2.How we Collect Your Personal Information

Most of the time we collect through your direct interactions with our Services, but we and advertising platforms may automatically collect personal information from your devices. We collect information about you in the following ways:

Direct Interactions. When you interact with our Services, we may include personal information when you provide us feedback, requests support, or otherwise

communicate with us.

Automated Collection. As you interact with our Services, we may automatically collect Technical Information and Personal Information by using cookies, SDK's, web beacons, and other similar technologies.

3. How we Use Your Personal Information

We barely collect any sensitive personal information, but we may collect information for such reasons as follows:

a. Provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;

b. Develop and test new products and features;

c. Monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;

d. Diagnose or fix technology problems;

e. Update and improve the application.

4.Security

We promise we only use your personal information for better user's experience. And we will implement technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our service, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur.

5.Disclosures of Your Personal information

From time to time, we may need to share your personal information with others, including in the following circumstances.

a. Protection of application and Others. We may share personal information when we believe it is appropriate to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other 
agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of application, our products and services, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with
other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction. This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personal 
information of our customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.

b. Response to Subpoenas and Other Legal Requests. We may share your information with courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government bodies when we have a
good faith belief we're required or permitted to do so by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to protect our company, or to 
respond to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other law enforcement request.

With your Consent, Other than as set out above, we will provide you with notice and the opportunity to choose when your personal information may be shared with
other third parties.

6.Your Rights

In accordance with applicable data protection laws, we respond to all requests we receive from individuals who wish to exercise their data protection rights.

a. Access, Correction or Deletion. You may request access to, correction of, or deletion of your personal information. You can often go directly into the Service 
under Account Settings to take these actions. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for
us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to
protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service.

b. Objection. You may object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is
something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. 
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have
compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.

c. Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your
consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information
conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

d. File a complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information.

7. Data retention

We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will periodically and regularly review and de-identify 
unnecessary data.

8.Policy towards Children

Our Games are intended for anyone who is legally entitled to own a device that access them and play them
and anyone who is legally entitled to make in-app purchases by the payment functionality the Games provide. However, application does not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information in relation to children under the age of 13.

9.Applicable Law

This privacy policy is governed by Hong Kong law. All disputes arising from this policy shall be submitted to Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC)
for arbitration which shall be conducted in accordance with the HKIAC's arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration. The arbitral award
is final and binding upon both parties.
